Disable CodeCoverage when building with clang (#112)
EVerest/libiso15118: test/CMakeLists.txt

# code coverage specifics
#

if(CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID STREQUAL "GNU" OR CMAKE_C_COMPILER_ID STREQUAL "GNU")
    evc_include(CodeCoverage)
    append_coverage_compiler_flags_to_target(iso15118)

    setup_target_for_coverage_gcovr_html(
        NAME ${PROJECT_NAME}_gcovr_coverage
        EXECUTABLE ctest
    )

    setup_target_for_coverage_gcovr_xml(
        NAME ${PROJECT_NAME}_gcovr_coverage_xml
        EXECUTABLE ctest
    )
else()

>     message(WARNING "Code coverage is disabled when building with clang")

Reviewer: Maybe reword this so it doesn't single-out clang, since it is only enabled when building with gcc
```suggestion
    message(WARNING "Code coverage is disabled when not building with gcc")
```
